feat(cli/config)!: breaking changes (#9854)
pnpm/pnpm: .changeset/sharp-birds-rest.md

Reviewer: The mixture of camel and kebab case is somewhat confusing.

I think we should make the global config file a yaml file too. In that case almost nothing should remain in kebab-case.

Author: There is still the local `.npmrc` which is kebab-case. Unless we either remove the INI mode completely, or remove non-npm settings (i.e. settings that is only relevant to pnpm), or both, there ought to be inconsistency somewhere.

Reviewer: We can kind of remove INI mode. We can read only the auth related things from the ini file and ignore anything else.

Alternatively, we could move everything to our own config file but then we need to pass npm CLI the settings somehow. Through npm_config_ env variables for instance. 

The reason we need the auth settings in ini is because we use npm CLI directly for some commands. Like publish, dist-tag, unpublish.

---
"@pnpm/plugin-commands-config": major
"pnpm": major
---

The naming cases of top-level config keys have been changed for `pnpm config list [--json]` and `pnpm config get [--json] ''`.
The specifics depend on the appearance of `--json` and the classification of the top-level keys.

> `pnpm config list` and `pnpm config get ''` (without `--json`) imitate an rc file (INI) with best effort.

Reviewer: It is not clear what the '' means

```suggestion
`pnpm config list` and `pnpm config get '<key>'` (without `--json`) imitate an rc file (INI) with best effort.
```

Author: It means empty string.

Reviewer: So, just `pnpm config get` then, no?

They would show rc options in kebab-case, workspace-specific settings in camelCase (since they cannot

> be defined by an rc file).

Reviewer: Do we really need to change the case? If we moved all non-auth related settings to yaml files, then we can just print the cases as they are.

`pnpm config list --json` and `pnpm config get --json` imitate the keys in `pnpm-workspace.yaml` with best effort.
They would show both rc options and workspace-specific settings in camelCase.

> Exception: Keys that start with `@` or `//` would be preserved (their cases don't change).

Author: ```suggestion
`pnpm config list` and `pnpm config get` (without argument) now show top-level keys as camelCase.
Exception: Keys that start with `@` or `//` would be preserved (their cases don't change).
```
